{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Some comments on the application:
\b0 \
\

\b 1.
\b0  To begin viewing the application, open any of the index.html files in one of the 5 folders. All of the webpages are linked together in sequence via the "next" and "previous" links at the bottom of each page.\
\

\b 2.
\b0  Regarding the bonus questions, cross browser compatibility is something that I could not completely work out. I viewed my application in three different browsers: Safari, Chrome, and Mozilla Firefox. If I had to rank the visual aesthetics and functionality of my application in these browsers from best to worst, it would go: Safari, Chrome, and Mozilla Firefox (Mozilla being the worst because both of my bonus questions fail to work properly there). In Chrome, everything is really good until the video bonus question, because something about the HTML embed tag and/or my video file causes the page to render strangely (though it is still viewable). If you try to view the bonus questions in Firefox, alerts will be thrown.\

\b tl;dr: Use Safari to view the bonus questions the way I intended to create them. Chrome is good too.
\b0 \
\

\b 3.
\b0  Thank you IGN, for the pleasure and honor of participating in the IGN Code Foo Challenge. It has been a ton of fun, and I already know so much more now than I did when I first started.}